# CS-340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by writing code that utilizes functions. I also use proper object-oriented programming principles. This allows me to be able to easily re-use my code. The advantages of this is that it makes the code both cleaner and more easy to work with. The CRUD python module is a perfect example of using these principles. I would use this CRUD Python module in the future if I ever needed to interface with a database that uses a json format.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I think its important to approach a problem not as a whole but as small pieces. You work through each small piece separately, then at the end you can put them together. My approach to this project differed from previous assignments in other courses because I was reusing my module that was completed in another assignment. I really thought that was neat and it tied the whole class together. I would the strategy that I used in this class to meet client requests. That is, breaking up the whole problem into manageable pieces.
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists are important because they work with computers to help make the world a better place. The work on this type of project helps a company like Grazioso Salvare go through a database with a ton of information about animals, and turn into a digestible format. It takes only the prevalent information about dogs that they needed. Imagine if they had to go through the entire database by hand, it would take a very long time.
